README.md, before:

# Therapy - Don't Be Afraid to Talk

This is the Don't Be Afraid to Talk project for Hackabull 2019, which uses node.js express socket.io, and twilio to build a communication application that people who need help can easily get help. One thing that we noticed was that people are very shy in order to get help, and most online therapy websites require to pay money and have to sign up. People who need help need help right away and do not want to have to sign. This app would allow you to have a conversation using 3 diffrent communication methods, texting, audio conference, and face to face conversations. This app would only use volunteer therapist that have been certified.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

```
latest version of node js
npm
twilio authentication codes
browser

```

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running on windows only
if you want to test on mac you must download ngrok from https://ngrok.com/

Make sure you get your accountSid and authToken and your twilio number from the console page at Twilio, and change it in the consts in the app.js - side note once I get time I will make sure that process.env will work for the codes so that you only have to edit configs.

This is for a local enviorment to run the code

```
git clone directory
cd Therapy
npm i
node app.js
```
In a seperate Terminal/Command Prompt for windows
```
cd Therapy
ngrok.exe http 3000
```
Open the url that ngrok gives you

You must also takes this url and the post request adress which is /messageComesIn and add it to your phone number in twilio it is in the Twilio Website under your Twilio Number

It should look like this

![Screenshot](ScreenShot.JPG)

You should change the url under the Messaging tab in the webhook field, there is already an example there for you.



## Built With

* [NodeJs](https://nodejs.org/en/) - Backend Server used
* [ExpressJS](https://expressjs.com/) - Routing Service
* [Socket Io](https://socket.io/) - Used to Easily route data from client page to the server
* [Twilio](http://twilio.com) - Used to connect people using their awesome api


## Authors

* **Shreyas Patil** - *Backend and some Front End* - [Shreyas Patil](https://github.com/ShreyasP1a)

* **Annie Brey** - *Front End*

Commit message:

added to readme did not do voice and video yet

README.md, after:

# Therapy - Don't Be Afraid to Talk

This is the Don't Be Afraid to Talk project for Hackabull 2019, which uses node.js express socket.io, and twilio to build a communication application that people who need help can easily get help. One thing that we noticed was that people are very shy in order to get help, and most online therapy websites require to pay money and have to sign up. People who need help need help right away and do not want to have to sign. This app would allow you to have a conversation using 3 diffrent communication methods, texting, audio conference, and face to face conversations. This app would only use volunteer therapist that have been certified.


The things that are not implemented right now are the video messaging and the voice chat still learning how to do that using twilio.
## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

```
latest version of node js
npm
twilio authentication codes
browser

```

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running on windows only
if you want to test on mac you must download ngrok from https://ngrok.com/

Make sure you get your accountSid and authToken and your twilio number from the console page at Twilio, and change it in the consts in the app.js - side note once I get time I will make sure that process.env will work for the codes so that you only have to edit configs.

This is for a local enviorment to run the code

```
git clone directory
cd Therapy
npm i
node app.js
```
In a seperate Terminal/Command Prompt for windows
```
cd Therapy
ngrok.exe http 3000
```
Open the url that ngrok gives you

You must also takes this url and the post request adress which is /messageComesIn and add it to your phone number in twilio it is in the Twilio Website under your Twilio Number

It should look like this

![Screenshot](ScreenShot.JPG)

You should change the url under the Messaging tab in the webhook field, there is already an example there for you.



## Built With

* [NodeJs](https://nodejs.org/en/) - Backend Server used
* [ExpressJS](https://expressjs.com/) - Routing Service
* [Socket Io](https://socket.io/) - Used to Easily route data from client page to the server
* [Twilio](http://twilio.com) - Used to connect people using their awesome api


## Authors

* **Shreyas Patil** - *Backend and some Front End* - [Shreyas Patil](https://github.com/ShreyasP1a)

* **Annie Brey** - *Front End*
